# This Weeks Accomplishments: May 1, 2017

## This Week's Goal: Deep Breaths &amp; Enjoy the Learning

## Things I Did From the List:
- [x] Read introduction to CSS Grid
- [x] Read article about Rapid prototyping from UXPin
- [x] Collect ideas for personal brand
- [x] Figure out how to make sure I take a break and rest without feeling guilty about it
- [x] Get a library card
- [x] Pick up library card

### Additional Things I Did:
- [x] Created a Trello Board for hikes I want to do
- [x] CVC: Winning with your money Slides
- [x] CVC: Message(Relationship Goals) Slide

### Workouts:
1. Monday - Running 20 minutes without stopping. 1.6 miles
2. Tuesday - 15 minutes walk. 15 minutes weight training.
3. Saturday - 3 mile hike to Twin Falls.

## Things I Didn't Get to/Finish:
- [ ] Create one new codepen for CSS Grid
- [ ] Read another chapter of Ethan Marcotte's Book

## Next Week's Goal: Focus on passion projects not just 'have to' projects

## Things I'll do Next Week:
- [ ] Create one new codepen for CSS Grid
- [ ] Read another chapter of Ethan Marcotte's Book
- [ ] Spend at least an hour on one hand lettering project
- [ ] Sketch ideas for a Thunderbirds poster

### Week in Review:
This week I was a lot more social than I have been. It is finally starting to feel like summer time and I want to be out with people instead of cooped up at home. Being able to have the first hike of the season was really the best thing. It was beautiful and so nice to be outside! While work keeps being slightly overwhelming as I am taking on more and more leadership roles I keep seem to be doing the right thing which feels really good! 
