# This Weeks Accomplishments: May 14, 2017

## This Week's Goal: Focus on passion projects not just 'have to' projects

## Things I Did From the List:
- [x] Read another chapter of Ethan Marcotte's Book
- [x Spend at least an hour on one hand lettering project
- [x] Write outline for personal brand/design story
- [x] Start Reading Lean In
- [x] Do Bible Study

### Additional Things I Did:
- [ ] Redid Resume

### Workouts:
1. Monday
  - Run 10 minutes speed 4.5
  - Walk 2 minutes speed 3.5
  - Run 10 minutes speed 4.5
  - Walk 2 minutes speed 3.5
  - Run 6 minutes speed 4.5
  - = 30 minutes

2. Wednesday - Walk on treadmill 30 minutes.
3. Friday - Walk 3.1 miles at Soos Creek Trail
4. Saturday - Walk 5 miles at Soos Creek Trail

## Things I Didn't Get to/Finish:
- [ ] Continue Sketching ideas for a Thunderbirds poster
- [ ] Research websites for Evoynne

## Next Week's Goal: Carpe Diem. It's scary, opportunities are new, but seize the day and don't second guess.

## Things I'll do Next Week:
- [ ] Read another 3 chapters of Lean In.
- [ ] Refresh existing portfolio site
- [ ] E-mail Evoynne to see what she is looking for in a new website
- [ ] Write outline for personal brand/design story

### Week in Review:
This week was really good. It had a good balance of working getting stuff done, hanging out with friends, and giving myself time to relax. I have been give an possibility of a huge opportunity and I'm really excited about it and plan on going toward it with everything I've got. Hopefully it is enough, but if it is not then I am comfortable where I am and will continue to push my career from a different angle. Hopefully a month from now I look back at this week with excitement seeing which path in the crossroads my life will be taking. 
