# This Weeks Accomplishments: April 23, 2017

## This Week's Goal: Deep Breaths &amp; Enjoy the Learning

## Things I Did From the List:
- [x] Figure out a fun and unique way to document Chicago
- [x] Finish Paden Family T-shirt
- [x] City View Church: Winning with your Money
- [x] City View Church: Relationship Goals Title Slides
- [x] City View Church: Coordinate Head shot photoshoot
- [x] Collect ideas for personal brand

### Additional Things I Did:
- [x] Started sketching and creating mockups for Chicago timeline project
- [x] Gave an awesome presentation at work

### Workouts:
1. Monday - Walking 6 miles through Chicago
2. Wednesday - 30 minutes alternating running and walking
3. Thursday - 5 minutes weights (I know I know) and 45 minutes walking on the trail (3 miles)
4. Saturday - 3 mile run on the trail. 1.5 walk back out.

## Things I Didn't Get to/Finish:
- [ ] Read [this blog post (The Complete Guide to CSS Grid)](https://css-tricks.com/snippets/css/complete-guide-grid)
- [ ] Create one new codepen for CSS Grid
- [ ] Read another chapter of Ethan Marcotte's Book
- [ ] Read article about Rapid prototyping from UXPin

##Additional things I did this month:
- [x] Come up with a new side project
- [x] Start collecting ideas for personal design brand. Starting the new portfolio site process

## Next Week's Goal: Allow for rest and recharging

## Things I'll do Next Week:
- [ ] Read [this blog post (The Complete Guide to CSS Grid)](https://css-tricks.com/snippets/css/complete-guide-grid)
- [ ] Create one new codepen for CSS Grid
- [ ] Write out goals of a portfolio site
- [ ] Read another chapter of Ethan Marcotte's Book
- [ ] Read article about Rapid prototyping from UXPin
- [ ] Figure out how to make sure I take a break and rest without feeling guilty about it
- [ ] Get a library card

### Week in Review
This week was a very roller coaster week. After an amazing weekend in Chicago getting to see Ashlyn and all the sites it was hard to come back to work and seeing how much work there was to do. My imposter syndrome has been high already, but after being away it was even worse. After hitting a low on Tuesday afternoon the week went up from there I was able to reprove to myself that I am in the right place and doing the right things.

I was reminded as I do some of the side projects I am working on that I am still good at designing and creating things even though sometimes I am surrounded by such talented people and feel outclassed. I need to continue to remind myself I am good at what I do and not to compare myself. The goal I made for myself helped keep me focus and not worry about what the people around me were doing and just focusing on what I am doing and allow myself to learn from the people around me instead of being frustrated.
